( traffic whizzing )
♪
( Nanbu grunts )
( sighs )
OH?
UH...
( groaning )
( panting )
Man: THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
Man #2: I'D SAY
THAT WORKS OUT FOR BOTH OF US.
Man #1: HELLO, SIR.
Nanbu: HEY, THERE.
SORRY FOR BARGING IN.
Man #2: WOULD YOU LOOK AT THAT?
IT'S NANBU IN THE FLESH.
( Nanbu grumbles )
( laughs )
OH, HELLO THERE.
I, UH‐‐I SEE EVERYONE'S HERE.
Man #2: YES, SO,
I HEARD YOU'RE RUNNING
QUITE THE SHOW
IN THE UNDERGROUND.
Nanbu: YEAH, I CAME ACROSS
THIS REAL LIVE WIRE OF A KID,
AND NOW I FIGURE
IT'S TIME TO SEE
HOW THINGS ARE
ON THIS SIDE OF THE TRACKS.
Man #2: I SEE.
WELL, GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.
Nanbu: THANKS. SORRY. GOTTA RUN.
LET'S CATCH UP
SOME OTHER TIME, OKAY?
Computer:
FIGHTER REGISTRATION COMPLETE.
WELCOME TO THE OFFICIAL
MEGALOBOX ASSOCIATION.
( Nanbu sighs )
Computer: YOUR CURRENT RANKING
IS 257th PLACE.
Nanbu: ALL THE WAY
AT THE BOTTOM.
HEH. THANKS FOR THE PEP TALK,
YOU CONDESCENDING MACHINE.
♪
( singing in Japanese )
Announcer: WE'RE LESS
THAN THREE MONTHS AWAY
FROM THE MEGALONIA
TOURNAMENT!
TO KICK OFF THE EVENT,
WE'VE GOT A STRONG CONTENDER
WHO WILL BE TAKING ON
THE CURRENT CHAMPION, YURI.
THAT CONTENDER IS NONE OTHER
THAN THE SECOND‐RANKED FIGHTER,
PEPE IGLESIAS,
AN UNORTHODOX BOXER
WITH A WILD VARIETY OF PUNCHES.
THEY CALL HIM THE SPIDER!
WHAT A WAY
FOR MEGALONIA TO BEGIN!
WHO WILL COME OUT ON TOP
IN THIS CLASH
OF MEGALO‐BOXING TITANS?!
EXPERTS SAY THAT YURI
HAS THE ADVANTAGE,
BUT PEPE'S RECENT STRING OF WINS
HAVE SHOWN
SOME REMARKABLE GROWTH.
Computer: SECOND ROUND,
TWO MINUTES, TEN SECONDS.
KNOCKOUT.
HITS, 72. TOTAL, 81.
YOUR EFFECTIVENESS IS‐‐
Joe: SO THAT'S IT?!
THAT'S YOUR
"REAL MEGALO‐BOXING"?
( Yuri sighs )
Announcer:
THERE ARE NOW ONLY TWO SLOTS
STILL OPEN FOR MEGALONIA!
WHO WILL BE MAKING
THE COVETED CUT?!
‐ ( punching )
‐ I SUGGEST KEEPING YOUR EYES
ON THE RANKINGS TO FIND OUT!
( water lapping )
Fujimaki: I GOT YOU
EXACTLY WHAT YOU ASKED FOR.
NOT BAD, HUH?
THE REST IS
UP TO THAT PARTNER OF YOURS.
Nanbu: IF HE GETS COLD FEET,
THIS'LL ALL
HAVE BEEN FOR NOTHING.
Fujimaki: REMEMBER,
HE'S YOUR DOG.
YOU NEED TO MAKE SURE
THAT HE'S OBEDIENT.
( Nanbu chuckles )
THANKS FOR THE DRINK.
THERE WON'T BE
ANY PROBLEMS, SIR.
WE BOTH KNOW WHAT'S AT STAKE
AND THE RESPONSIBILITY
WE'RE DEALING WITH HERE.
Fujimaki: HMM. IF YOU MANAGE
TO MAKE IT TO MEGALONIA,
THAT'LL BE ENOUGH
TO SATISFY ME.
BUT REMEMBER, MR. NANBU,
HE'S NOT
THE ONLY ONE ON A LEASH.
KEEP THAT IN MIND.
( Nanbu sighs )
Joe: POPS, QUIT SCREWING AROUND.
WE NEED TO CLEAN THIS PLACE UP.
WE'RE GONNA BE LIVING
ON THIS TUB FOR A WHILE.
Nanbu: YEAH, YEAH.
Announcer: WHAT A WAY
FOR MEGALONIA TO BEGIN!
Nanbu: THE CARD FOR
THE FIRST MATCH IS SET ALREADY.
WE GOT NO TIME TO WASTE.
Joe: SOUNDS GOOD TO ME.
Nanbu: OH, YEAH?
Joe: YEAH, I MEAN,
ALL I'VE GOTTA DO
IS MAKE IT TO THE FINALS
TO FIGHT HIM, RIGHT?
JUST KEEP WINNING TO GET THERE?
I DON'T MIND,
SINCE I HAVE TO WIN
THE WHOLE‐‐HEY!
Nanbu: YOU DON'T NEED
TO WORRY ABOUT YURI, OKAY?
JUST FOCUS ON GETTING IN
TO MEGALONIA.
WITH ONLY THREE MONTHS,
I CAN LINE UP
FIVE MATCHES TOPS.
THEY'LL HAVE TO BE THE TOUGHEST
FIGHTS I CAN MANAGE, TOO,
AND WE GOTTA WIN 'EM ALL.
IT'S THE ONLY CHANCE WE'VE GOT.
IT AIN'T GONNA BE EASY, "JOE."
( Joe chuckles )
SO WHERE DO WE START?
( Nanbu sighs ) WE CAN'T START
UNTIL WE DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THAT PILE
OF JUNK THERE.
THAT'S THE FIRST THING
ON OUR LIST.
YOU SAW IT, RIGHT,
THAT GEAR YURI USES?
IT'S A CUSTOM‐MADE
SHIRATO MODEL.
IT CONNECTS DIRECTLY
TO THE BODY,
WHICH KILLS THE LAG
IN RESPONSE TIME.
IN TERMS OF WEIGHT
AND DURABILITY,
IT'S IN A LEAGUE OF ITS OWN.
YOU COULD GO SO FAR AS TO SAY
THE MAN'S BODY ITSELF
IS CUTTING‐EDGE SHIRATO TECH.
Joe: OKAY, THEN WHY
DON'T WE EVEN THINGS UP
AND USE
THAT CUTTING‐EDGE STUFF, TOO?
Nanbu: YEAH, WHY DON'T WE?
IT'S NOT THAT SIMPLE.
THE INTEGRATED GEAR
ISN'T JUST SOME MACHINE.
I MEAN, JUST TESTING THAT KIND
OF TECH IS RISKY AS HELL.
‐ ( grunts )
‐ ( honking horn )
BESIDES, WHERE WOULD WE
GET THAT KIND OF CASH?
HONESTLY,
HE'S PROBABLY THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN HANDLE THAT THING.
IF YOUR AVERAGE BOXER
TRIED IT ON,
THEIR BODY
WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO KEEP UP.
‐ Joe: COME ON, POPS. FOR REAL?
‐ Nanbu: I'M SERIOUS!
ONLY SOMEONE WITH A BODY
AND SKILL LIKE YURI
CAN MANAGE THAT GEAR!
Joe: YOU'VE GOT
A PRETTY HIGH OPINION OF HIM.
‐ Nanbu: DAMN RIGHT, I DO!
‐ Joe: EH?
Nanbu: ESPECIALLY CONSIDERING
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO TAKE DOWN GUYS LIKE HIM.
THAT'S THE KIND OF WORLD
WE'RE STEPPING INTO HERE.
WE'RE NOT UNDERGROUND ANYMORE.
EARTH CALLING JOE.
YOU LISTENING?
AW, NOW WHY'D YOU GO
AND WASTE IT?
( tires squeal )
Computer: BACKING UP.
( boy chuckles )
‐ OICHO!
‐ ( Oicho groans )
Boy: LET'S DO IT.
Oicho: WAKE UP, SACHIO.
( Sachio laughs )
( man gasps )
CAN'T HAVE THAT NOW.
( Oicho grunts )
HEY! COOL CAMERAS, DUDE!
LET ME SEE 'EM!
Man: QUIT BOTHERIN' ME, KID.
Oicho: IT'S FREE TO LOOK,
AIN'T IT?
‐ AND THEY'RE LOCKED UP.
‐ Man: BUZZ OFF.
Oicho: IT'S NOT LIKE
I CAN STEAL 'EM.
Man: I CAN'T HAVE FILTHY RUNTS
RUNNING AROUND MY BUSINESS
‐ WHEN I'M TRYING TO WORK!
‐ Oicho: DON'T BE A JERK!
JUST FOR A SECOND, OKAY? WHOA!
THERE'S A MOUSE CHEWING
ON YOUR CAMERAS!
‐ Man: HUH?
‐ Oicho: FOR REAL, MISTER!
Man: WHERE'S A MOUSE?
HOLY CRAP, YOU'RE RIGHT!
( groans )
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
Boy: THANK YOU!
Man: WHAT? GET BACK HERE!
Oicho: DUMBASS! ( laughs )
Man: THIEVES!
( Sachio laughs )
Boy: RUN FOR IT!
Man: SOMEBODY GRAB
THOSE THIEVING BRATS!
Oicho: NO TIME FOR SNACKS,
BONJIRI.
WE NEED TO GO!
( Bonjiri grunts )
Man: STOP!
( boys panting )
Nanbu: NOTHING TOO BANGED UP.
FOR KEY COMPONENTS
LIKE THE AIR PRESSURE VALVE
AND CYLINDER 64, I WANT
SOMETHING NEW AS WE CAN GET.
BEYOND THAT, THE FULL SET.
Goskino: YOU GOT IT.
LET ME CHECK MY STOCK.
BE RIGHT BACK.
( man grunts )
( Nanbu grumbles )
( gasps )
WOULD YOU LOOK AT THAT?
OOH! ( grunts )
Man: THAT RIGHT THERE...
IS THE COMPOSITE
TITANIUM PROTOTYPE
SHIRATO COOKED UP BEFORE
THEIR CURRENT INTEGRATED MODEL,
TOP‐SHELF STUFF.
FOR SPEED, IT'D EVEN KEEP UP
WITH THE LATEST MODEL.
Nanbu: IF WE HAD THIS BAD BOY...
( man grunts )
BUT MINE'S GOT
MORE FACE‐POUNDING POWER.
Nanbu: YOUR GEAR
LOOKS PRETTY BADASS.
I'LL GIVE YOU THAT,
BUT YOU'RE NOT GONNA
BE FIGHTING IN THE RING
WITH GLOVES LIKE THOSE.
Goskino:
THAT'S POTEMKIN HIGASHI,
A FORMER MEGALO‐BOXER.
AND IF YOU DON'T WANT HIM
TO TAKE YOU OUTSIDE
AND ROUGH YOU UP,
YOU'LL TAKE YOUR PAWS
OFF THE MERCHANDISE.
Nanbu: OH! ( laughs ) SORRY!
Goskino: YOU GUYS CAN'T AFFORD
HIGH‐TECH GEAR
LIKE THIS, ANYWAY. HUH?
‐ Boy: SLOW DOWN, SANTA!
‐ Goskino: HUH?
Boy: I'M DYING HERE!
Santa: DON'T SAY
MY NAME, DUMBASS.
Bonjiri: OH. I'M SORRY.
Oicho: I CALL DIBS
ON THE MIDDLE!
Bonjiri: MAN, I'M BEAT.
Sachio: YOU GOT THE STUFF?
Oicho: HERE IT COMES!
HERE IT COMES!
Goskino: DAMN.
POTEMKIN,
KEEP AN EYE ON THEM, OKAY?
BUNCH OF GREEDY‐ASS,
GOOD‐FOR‐NOTHING KIDS.
‐ ( grumbles )
‐ ( Sachio gasps )
Joe: YOU'RE NOT GONNA BUY
THAT ONE, POPS?
‐ ( Nanbu groans )
‐ Joe: WHY WOULDN'T YOU?
IT'D GIVE US AN EDGE
IN MEGALONIA, WOULDN'T IT?
( Potemkin scoffs )
YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING.
I USED TO RANK 96th.
AND YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT GETTING INTO MEGALONIA?
Joe: YOU HEARD OF HIM?
‐ Nanbu: NOPE.
‐ ( Potemkin growls )
Goskino: HEY!
I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU
TO WATCH THOSE STREET RATS.
Potemkin: HUH? YEAH, YEAH.
GET OFF MY BACK.
Goskino: HERE YOU GO,
FOR THE CAMERAS.
Oicho: RED CANDY!
( Bonjiri gasps )
Nanbu: HEY, THAT'S BAD STUFF.
IT'LL ROT YOUR BRAINS OUT, BOYS.
Goskino: EASY.
THEY'RE JUST A BUNCH OF KIDS.
THEY'LL LIVE HAND TO MOUTH
HOWEVER THEY CAN.
BUT WHEN THEY GET AHOLD
OF SOME OF THAT RED CANDY,
IT LETS THEM ESCAPE
THE HARSHNESS OF THEIR LIVES,
EVEN IF ONLY FOR A BIT.
Joe: NICE WORDS FROM THE GUY
WHO'S PUTTING THEM UP
‐ TO STEALING FOR IT.
‐ ( Sachio growls )
‐ Nanbu: JOE.
‐ Sachio: WHAT'S THE BIG IDEA?!
THERE WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE FOUR OF 'EM!
Goskino: YOU'RE LUCKY I GAVE YOU
THREE FOR THOSE JUNKY CAMERAS!
NOW KEEP YOUR ASS‐BREATH
OUT OF MY FACE! GOT IT?!
Sachio: GET YOUR HANDS
OFF OF ME!
Goskino: OW!
( groans )
BASTARD! YOU'RE DEAD!
( Nanbu gasps )
‐ EASY!
‐ Goskino: HUH?
YOU WANT SOME OF THIS, TOO?!
( Sachio gasps )
Joe: JUST GIVE IT A REST, MAN.
Goskino: POTEMKIN!
Potemkin: OH! RIGHT.
Joe: LOOK, CALM DOWN, PAL.
MY BAD. I GIVE UP.
( Nanbu groans )
DAMN IT ALL.
Potemkin: HUH?
Goskino: TAKE YOUR THUMB
OUT OF YOUR ASS!
‐ Potemkin: B‐BUT I WAS JUST‐‐
‐ ( truck door closes )
Nanbu: THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
TO YOUR NOSE
WHEN YOU STICK IT IN OTHER
PEOPLE'S BUSINESS, JACKASS.
Joe: WHAT WAS I
SUPPOSED TO DO, THEN?
Nanbu: IGNORE IT.
IT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU.
Joe: COME ON.
HE WAS JUST A LITTLE KID,
( sighs )
AN UGLY ONE, AT THAT.
( water lapping )
( Sachio gasps )
WHAT'S WITH THE JUNKYARD GYM?
Nanbu: THIS IS
THE 185th‐RANKED MEGALO‐BOXER,
SHARK SAMEJIMA,
KNOWN AS "MANEATER."
HE'S GOT HIS SHARE OF LOSSES,
BUT ABOUT 70% OF THOSE
ARE DISQUALIFICATIONS
FOR FIGHTING DIRTY.
WORD ON THE STREET IS HE'S HAD
TROUBLE LINING UP OPPONENTS.
Joe: A MAN‐EATING SHARK, HUH?
Nanbu: IF THE GUY AT THE BOTTOM
WANTS TO MAKE HIS WAY UP FAST,
HE'S GOTTA DRAW ATTENTION
TO HIMSELF.
AND THIS GUY,
HE'S EXACTLY WHAT WE NEED.
Joe: SO I GUESS
THAT MAKES ME FISH BAIT NOW?
( Gear whirs )
Nanbu: THE FIGHT'S IN FIVE DAYS.
LET'S GET STARTED.
Joe: DON'T I NEED MY GEAR?
Nanbu: THERE'S SOMETHING
I WANNA TEACH YOU FIRST.
Joe: SERIOUSLY?
( scoffs ) GET REAL.
WHAT HAVEN'T YOU TAUGHT‐‐
OW!
Nanbu: REMEMBER
THAT LITTLE SCRAP YESTERDAY?
‐ Bonjiri: I'M SO HUNGRY.
‐ Nanbu: YOU GET SO FOCUSED
ON TRYING TO INTERCEPT
‐ THAT YOU LET YOUR GUARD DOWN.
‐ Sachio: JUST SHUT UP, OKAY?
THAT'S A BAD HABIT YOU GOT.
Joe: YOU PIECE OF‐‐
Nanbu: COME ON.
YOU DID IT AGAIN.
YOU GOTTA STOP TRYING TO PARRY
WHEN YOU DON'T NEED TO.
FOCUS ON KEEPING THAT GUARD UP.
YOUR GEAR'S BEING UPGRADED,
SO THAT SHOULD HELP.
( Joe sighs )
Nanbu: BUT NO MATTER
HOW GOOD THE GEAR IS
OR HOW CUTTING‐EDGE IT MAY BE,
IT'S NOT WHAT MAKES
OR BREAKS A FIGHT.
IT ALWAYS COMES DOWN TO THE GUY
WEARING IT. REMEMBER THAT.
( Joe sighs ) LET'S KEEP AT IT.
Sachio: MEGALONIA, MY ASS.
Bonjiri: I'M SO HUNGRY.
Santa: SACHIO, LET'S GET GOING.
Sachio: HE'S RANKED DEAD LAST.
Nanbu: SEE?
YOU DROPPED YOUR GUARD AGAIN.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO REALLY WORK
ON THAT DEFENSE OF YOURS.
YOU GONNA SWAY AND FADE
OR WEAVE AROUND THE PUNCHES?
YOU'D BETTER THINK
HARD AND FAST OUT THERE,
OR YOU COULD END UP A DEAD MAN.
Oicho: HA! GOT YOU! ( laughs )
Santa: NOW YOU'RE GONNA GET IT!
TAKE THAT!
Nanbu:
HANGIN' AROUND HERE AGAIN?
‐ ( boys laughing )
‐ Nanbu: DAMN IT ALL.
KIDS! YOU'RE DISTRACTING US!
GO PLAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!
Santa: IT'S NOT
YOUR PROPERTY, GEEZER!
Oicho: THE RIVER'S FREE FOR ALL!
Bonjiri: VIVA FREEDOM!
Nanbu: I'VE HAD JUST ABOUT
ENOUGH OF YOU LITTLE RUNTS!
Sachio: YOU GOT
SOME KINDA PROBLEM, MISTER?
( Joe chuckles ) NOT ME, KID.
LET'S KEEP AT IT, POPS.
Nanbu: ALL RIGHT.
( blows thumping )
HOW'S THE NEW GEAR FEEL?
LET ME GET MY GUARD UP.
THEN TAKE A FEW SHOTS AT ME.
OOH! ( groaning )
A GUT PUNCH?
Joe: NOT BAD AT ALL.
GOTTA SAY,
I'M IMPRESSED, POPS.
Nanbu: WHAT'D YOU EXPECT?
IF YOU WANT TO CALL YOURSELF
A FIRST‐RATE TRAINER,
YOU BETTER HAVE A KNACK
FOR TINKERING, TOO.
( Joe chuckles )
Nanbu: IT OUGHT TO BE
TWICE AS POWERFUL AS BEFORE,
HELL, THREE TIMES, MAYBE.
THIS BAD BOY
SHOULD BE ENOUGH TO‐‐
‐ Sachio: WRONG!
‐ Nanbu: HUH?
Sachio: HE AIN'T NEVER
GONNA WIN WITH THAT GEAR.
YEAH, IT'S GOT MORE POWER,
BUT THE ADDED WEIGHT
IS GONNA PUT STRAIN ON HIS ARMS.
HE WON'T LAST A SINGLE ROUND
IF HE CAN'T KEEP UP
WITH THE OTHER GUY'S SPEED.
DID YOU FORGET
ABOUT THE BATTERY?
IF YOU TRY
AND PUSH IT ANY HARDER,
YOU'LL BURN IT OUT.
Nanbu: WELL, LOOK AT YOU.
YOU KNOW YOUR STUFF FOR A KID.
I'LL GIVE YOU THAT,
BUT IF HE FIGHTS
LIKE I TELL HIM TO,
THEN ONE ROUND
IS ALL WE'RE GONNA NEED.
Sachio: HE'LL END UP DEAD
IF HE TRIES TO‐‐
Nanbu: YOU GOT A BETTER IDEA,
SMART GUY?
THIS IS THE ONLY REAL OPTION
WE'VE GOT.
MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS, BOY.
I'VE GOT TRAINING TO DO.
Sachio: WHAT DID YOU SAY?
SHIT. LET ME GO!
‐ ( groans )
‐ Nanbu: DAMN IT.
LET'S TAKE A BREAK, JOE.
WHAT A PAIN IN THE ASS.
STUPID KIDS.
ACTING LIKE YOU KNOW
EVERYTHING ABOUT EVERYTHING.
Joe: HEY, KID,
WHY DO YOU COME HERE
EVERY DAY, ANYWAY?
Sachio: STOP IT.
DON'T TOUCH THAT!
Joe: JEEZ.
I WASN'T GONNA TAKE IT.
Sachio: LOOK, YOU'RE TRYING
TO GET IN TO MEGALONIA.
AM I RIGHT? DO YOU THINK‐‐
DO YOU THINK
YOU COULD TAKE ME WITH YOU?!
Joe: IF YOU WANNA GO,
MAKE YOUR OWN WAY THERE.
‐ ( Sachio gasps )
‐ Joe: SORRY,
BUT WE DON'T HAVE
ENOUGH TIME ON OUR HANDS
TO BABY‐SIT SOME KID
WHO CAN'T PULL HIS OWN WEIGHT.
( Sachio growls )
I'M NOT "SOME KID"!
I GOT A NAME, YOU KNOW!
IT'S SACHIO!
AND THERE'S NO WAY
YOU'LL MAKE IT TO MEGALONIA
WITH THAT CRAPPY GEAR!
( grunts )
BOTTOM‐RANKED BASTARD!
( Nanbu grumbles )
STUPID BRAT ACTS LIKE HE KNOWS
WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT!
LOOK, I GET IT.
I KNOW I'M ASKING A LOT HERE.
Fujimaki: ALL RIGHT, NANBU.
YOU GOT THREE MONTHS
TO PULL IT OFF.
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO SEEING
THIS PLAN OF YOURS UNFOLD.
Nanbu: PLAN? WHAT PLAN?
I WAS BLUFFIN'!
DAMN IT ALL.
( handheld device beeps )
‐ ( device hums )
‐ ( lock whirs )
Sachio: THERE IT IS.
‐ Man: WHO'S THERE?
‐ ( Sachio gasps )
( Nanbu sighs )
ONLY ONE DAY TO GO.
( Joe panting )
Nanbu: OH, THAT'S JUST PERFECT!
Joe: HUH? WHAT THE HELL?
THERE'S SMOKE
COMING FROM THE BOAT.
POPS!
Nanbu: I'VE REALLY
SCREWED UP NOW.
Joe: I THOUGHT
YOU WERE UPGRADING IT,
NOT FRYING IT TO A CRISP.
Nanbu: OH, SHUT UP!
WHAT'S DONE IS DONE.
NO POINT BITCHING ABOUT IT.
I GOTTA COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
IT'S NOT JUST YOUR NECK
ON THE LINE. ( sighs )
Joe: "COME UP WITH SOMETHING"?
THE MATCH IS TOMORROW.
WE'VE GOT NO GEAR.
Santa: THIS IS BAD!
IT'S SACHIO!
HE'S IN BIG TROUBLE!
YOU GOTTA HELP HIM,
BOTTOM‐RANK!
Bonjiri: BOTTOM‐RANK!
Oicho: HE GOT CAUGHT
STEALING THIS!
PLEASE, YOU GOTTA DO SOMETHING!
‐ Joe: WHAT HAPPENED?
‐ Nanbu: WHOA!
YES! WE'RE BACK IN BUSINESS!
Santa: BACK OFF! SACHIO ASKED US
TO GIVE THIS GEAR
DIRECTLY TO MR. BOTTOM RANK!
‐ ( Sachio groans )
‐ Goskino: WHO'D YOU GIVE IT TO?
YOU COULD HAVE JUST QUIETLY
STOLEN THE RED CANDY,
BUT, NO, YOU LOOTED
MY PRIZED PROPERTY INSTEAD.
Sachio: SCREW YOU, DIRTBAG!
WE'RE THE ONES
WHO FOUND THAT GEAR
IN THE FIRST PLACE,
REMEMBER?!
THE ONLY THING YOU DID WAS BUY
IT OFF OF US FOR CHUMP CHANGE!
I WAS TAKING BACK
WHAT WAS RIGHTFULLY OURS!
Goskino: KID ALWAYS
HAS SOMETHING TO SAY.
IT'S NOT LIKE YOU HAD ANYWHERE
ELSE YOU COULD FENCE IT.
NOW FESS UP BEFORE YOU
START LOSING FINGERS.
Sachio: KEEP YOUR FILTHY HANDS
OFF MY HAT, YOU...
( Goskino chuckles )
TRY NOT TO MAKE A MESS
INSIDE THE SHO‐‐
‐ ( motorcycle engine roars )
‐ EH?
Potemkin: EH? ( groans )
Goskino: POTEMKIN!
Joe: THAT WAS
A STUPID THING TO DO.
Sachio: I'M NOT SOME KID
WHO CAN'T PULL HIS WEIGHT.
IF YOU'RE GOING TO MEGALONIA,
YOU'LL NEED THAT GEAR.
Joe: WHY DO YOU CARE SO MUCH?
( Gear hisses )
( Potemkin grunts )
NOW YOU'RE IN FOR IT, PUNK.
‐ ( boys yelp )
‐ Nanbu: JOE!
HEY! TAKE IT EASY!
YOU GOT A MATCH TOMORROW, KID!
( boys yell )
Joe: DON'T INTERRUPT ME, POPS.
I'M JUST GETTING
SOME SPARRING IN.
( Potemkin scoffs ) BRING ALL
YOUR LITTLE FRIENDS ALONG?
Joe: YEAH, BUT DON'T WORRY.
YOU'LL ONLY
BE FIGHTING WITH ME.
‐ Santa: LOOK OUT!
‐ Nanbu: JOE, NO!
( Potemkin spits )
IN THAT CASE...
( Joe chuckles )
Potemkin: LET'S PICK UP
WHERE WE LEFT OFF!
Joe: THIS GEAR,
IT JUST FEELS RIGHT.
Nanbu: YOU GOT HIM! EH?
( Potemkin growls )
HOW MANY PUNCHES
DID YOU JUST BLOCK?
Joe: WHAT THE?! ( gasps )
MY GEAR DOESN'T
INCLUDE GLOVES, PAL!
GET READY TO TASTE THE PAIN!
( Joe gasps )
Nanbu: JOE!
Bonjiri: SACHIO,
YOU'RE BLEE‐‐( groans )
Nanbu: THAT THING
IS GONNA FRY HIM.
Sachio: STAND BACK.
( Joe gasps )
( Potemkin groans )
( growls )
Sachio: AW, MAN. THE GEAR...
Nanbu: THIS IS OVER.
LET'S GET THE HELL
OUT OF HERE NOW!
JOE!
Joe: IT'S NOT THE GEAR
THAT WINS A FIGHT.
YOU SAY YOU'RE
A FIRST‐RATE TRAINER?
IT'S THE FINAL ROUND.
SPEAK UP, POPS.
( Nanbu chuckles )
AWW, SCREW IT.
GIVE HIM A COUNTERPUNCH.
( Potemkin groans )
Nanbu: YOUR PUNCHES
ARE GETTING TO HIM.
MAKE HIM FRUSTRATED,
AND THEN PRESS YOUR WAY INSIDE.
ONLY THING TO WORRY ABOUT
IS WHETHER HIS LAST PUNCH
WILL BE A RIGHT OR A LEFT‐‐
Sachio: LET ME
MAKE THE CALL ON THAT.
THAT'S COOL WITH YOU,
RIGHT, JOE?
( Joe chuckles )
♪
I CAN FEEL SOMETHING...
DEEP DOWN INSIDE ME,
SOMETHING ELECTRIC.
Potemkin:
TIME FOR THE FINAL ROUND!
Sachio: THE MOTORS
FOR THE LEFT AND RIGHT SIDE
OF HIS GEAR SOUND DIFFERENT.
HIS LAST SHOT IS GONNA BE...
A HEAVY‐DUTY LEFT!
( Potemkin roars )
( groans )
( both laugh )
( Joe chuckles )
( sighs )
YOU WON THE BET FOR US.
( chuckles ) NOT BAD, KID.
Sachio: SO CAN I...
( sighs )
Joe: SACHIO.
COME ON. TIME'S A‐WASTING.
YOU'RE COMING, RIGHT,
TO MEGALONIA?
FIRST THING'S FIRST. I'M GONNA
NEED TO GET SOME NEW GEAR.
‐ Nanbu: THAT'S IT! I GOT IT!
‐ Joe: OW!
Nanbu: YOU TWO MIGHT HAVE
JUST SEIZED VICTORY
FROM THE JAWS OF DEFEAT!
ALL RIGHT, NOW HERE'S
WHAT WE'RE GONNA DO!
IT MIGHT BE COMPLETELY CRAZY,
BUT IT'S THE ONLY WAY WE'RE
GONNA MAKE IT INTO MEGALONIA!
♪
♪♪Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )